with handsome noble good looks the
German Shepherd was the original canine
movie star but from the silver screen to
silver stars
German Shepherds lead the way as police
dogs experts estimate the breed accounts
for over 8,000 deputy dogs German
Shepherds are just fearless I mean they
would be the first dog to take a bullet
for you two members of our military and
police force German shepherds like
officer Hogan's canine dasty are more
than a dog I considered a fee a police
officer he's actually asked to do more
than I am sometimes and he puts himself
in great danger
the German army captain max von Stefan
its first registered a German Shepherd
in Germany in 1899 the dog was the
result of careful breeding to develop an
ideal service dog
the captain's mono was utility and
intelligence arguably the most versatile
of all of the working breeds
that's the way the German Shepherd was
almost immediately put to wide use
serving the German army in World Wars
one and two
Hitler's dogs dogs of war returning
American GIs brought back tales of the
breeds prowess they were impressed by
their bravery and brought a few of them
home but Hollywood loved the handsome
breed and the German shepherds fought
their way on to the silver screen think
of rin-ten-ten everyone relates to him
how intelligent that dog was when Rin
Tin Tin first premiered in silent films
in the 1920s he received over 10,000 fan
letters a week and saved Warner Brothers
from financial ruin very athletic
extremely intelligent you can train them
to do almost anything the German
Shepherd is bread with versatility
beginning with a double layered coat
they have a very dense undercoat so
there are very good all-weather type of
dog color varieties include the standard
black and tan all black and in recent
years even white this breed also has
pointed alert ears but as puppies the
ears are floppy and this is actually
very close to the wolf wolf puppies are
born with floppy ears
check out the bushy slightly curved tail
there are rumors that occasionally they
back cross a wolf into the breed Dutch
breeders did cross wolves into the
bloodline in the nineteen
nice but the resulting dogs could not be
domesticated yet police are thankful for
one wolfy hangover that long muzzle the
better to track you with with the
capability to exert up to 238 pounds of
pressure the German Shepherd has a bite
that is second only to the Rottweiler in
power when that jaws snap shut the six
upper incisors meet the six lower
incisors in a devastating scissor grip
but the real utility of the German
Shepherd to police work is not the
fierce bite it's the discipline to stop
when told coach this gives the officer
an option to use force without using his
gun I can actually call the dog back to
me if I made a decision to use a firearm
I can't call that bullet back the German
Shepherd can toe the line with the best
of them but like most working stiffs
he's a big softie at heart
every German Shepherd is unique but in
general the German Shepherd is a healthy
dog
although the breeds body does wear down
over the years German Shepherds are
legend for having hip dysplasia
for a grooming watch out you will find
clumps of fur everywhere adaptability is
this dogs middle name you could have a
German Shepherd in an apartment as long
as you exercise them regularly the
German Shepherd heads the canine list as
the number one biter so early training
is important but with the proper
guidance love and attention
these dogs make loyal pets these dogs
wanna please they want a place you give
them the least bit of encouragement
they're gonna be all over you and making
you a really happy person the German
Shepherd is a loyal wonderful family dog
but outsiders beware they're just so
protective of what they consider their
their pack or their family the German
Shepherd is very adaptable and generally
healthy but beware of bad breeding it
sheds heavily is one of the easiest
breeds to train and makes for a great
family dog